Add dsdump for dumping Objective-C and Swift content (#1680)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: Document/0x06b-Basic-Security-Testing.md

[Keychain-dumper](https://github.com/mechanico/Keychain-Dumper "keychain-dumper") is an iOS tool to check which keychain items are available to an attacker once an iOS device has been jailbroken. Please refer to the section "[Keychain-dumper (Jailbroken)](#keychain-dumper-jailbroken "Keychain-dumper (Jailbroken)")" for detailed instructions on how to use it.

##### dsdump

> [dsdump](https://github.com/DerekSelander/dsdump "dsdump") is a tool to dump Objective-C classes and Swift type descriptors (classes, structs, enums). It does not support ARM 32-bit and support Swift version superior or equals to 5. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[dsdump](https://github.com/DerekSelander/dsdump "dsdump") is a tool to dump Objective-C classes and Swift type descriptors (classes, structs, enums). It does not support ARM 32-bit and only Swift version 5 or higher. 
```
